Rbac updates (#7126)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/rbac/permissions.md

    - link: '/api/#get-permissions'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Manage your permissions with the Permission API'
---

Once your roles are created, assign or remove permission to this role directly by [updating the role in the Datadog application][1], or through the [Datadog Permission API][2]. Find below a list of available permissions.

## General Permissions

General permissions provide the base level of access for your role. [Advanced Permissions](#advanced-permissions) are explicitly defined permissions that augment the base permissions.

| Permission Name | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | admin           | This permission gives to the role the ability to view and edit everything in your Datadog organization that does not have an explicitly defined permission. This includes billing and usage, user, key, and organization management. This permission is inclusive of all Standard Access permissions. |

Reviewer: Maybe it's important to call out the fact that the `admin` permission is the one that determines whether someone can modify roles and permissions, or use the roles and permissions apis?

It's probably important for people to know that if they are going to manage RBAC, they will need this permission. Otherwise they may even risk "locking themselves out" of their RBAC management.

| standard        | This permission gives to the role the ability to view and edit components in your Datadog organization that do not have explicitly defined permissions. This includes APM, Events, and other non-Account Management functionality.                                                                    |

> **Note**: There is no `read-Only` permission as it is defined by the lack of both the `admin` and `standard` permissions for a role.

Reviewer: `read-only` or `Read-Only`?

## Advanced Permissions

By default, existing users are already associated with one of the three out-of-the-box Datadog Admin, Standard, or Read-Only Roles, so all users already have permissions to read all data types, and Admin or Standard users already have write permissions on assets.

> **Note**: When adding a new custom role to a user, make sure to remove the out-of-the-box Datadog role associated with that user order to enforce the new role permissions.

Reviewer: associated with that user **in** order to

In addition of the general permissions, it is possible to define more granular permissions for specific assets or data types.
Permissions can be either global or scoped to a subset of elements.
Find below the details of these options and the impact they have on each available permission.

### Dashboards

| Name                    | Description                             | Scopable |
| ----------------------- | --------------------------------------- | -------- |
| dashboards_read         | Ability to view dashboards              | false    |

> | dashboards_write        | Ability to create and change dashboards | true     |

Author: ```suggestion
| dashboards_write        | Ability to create and change dashboards | false    |
```

| dashboards_public_share | Ability to share dashboards externally  | false    |

### Monitors

| Name              | Description                                  | Scopable |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| monitors_read     | Ability to view monitors                     | false    |

> | monitors_write    | Ability to change, mute, and delete monitors | true     |

Author: ```suggestion
| monitors_write    | Ability to change, mute, and delete monitors | false    |
```

| monitors_downtime | Ability to set downtimes for your monitors   | false    |

### Log Management

| Name                         | Description                                | Scopable |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | -------- |
| logs_read_index_data         | Read a subset of all log indexes           | true     |
| logs_modify_indexes          | Update the definition of log indexes       | false    |
| logs_live_tail               | Access the live tail feature               | false    |
| logs_write_exclusion_filters | Update a subset of the exclusion filters   | true     |
| logs_write_pipelines         | Update a subset of the log pipelines       | true     |
| logs_write_processors        | Update the log processors in an index      | true     |
| logs_write_archives          | Update the external archives configuration | false    |
| logs_public_config_api       | Access the Logs Public Config API (r/w)    | false    |
| logs_generate_metrics        | Access the Generate Metrics feature        | false    |

> 

Reviewer: i guess we'll add the `logs_read_data` permission later?

Reviewer 2: The plan is to indeed add it in the next PR when we add information about Query based RBAC

{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][1].

[1]: /api/#roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_generate_metrics

Grants a role the ability to use the Generate Metrics feature. This permission is global and applies to the configuration of all the metrics generated from logs.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:
{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_generate_metrics_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][1].

[1]: /api/#roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_modify_indexes

Grants a role the ability to create and modify log indexes. This includes:

- Setting inclusion queries for which logs should be routed into an index.
- Setting log retention for an index.
- Limiting which roles have read access on an index (`logs_read_index_data`).
- Which roles can modify exclusion filters for an index (`logs_write_exclusion_filters`).

> 

Reviewer: This does not list all that the `logs_modify_indexes` permission does -- it also implicitly grants the same read- and write-access as some other permissions. 

In the old docs, we included this note:

> **Note:** This permission also grants read access on all log indexes and write permissions on all index exclusion filters, since any role that can modify indexes also can grant itself these additional permissions.

And in fact it also grants live-tail read access to.

I think this is important information to document, or else users will get very confused (at best) or grant too much read access without realizing it (at worst).

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:
{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_modify_indexes_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][1].

[1]: /api/#roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_write_exclusion_filters

Grants a role the ability to create or modify exclusion filters within an index. This can be assigned either globally or restricted to a subset of indexes.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

> **Global access**:

Reviewer: The bolded **Global access** ends up looking bigger than the header it is under (`##### logs_write_exclusion_filter`). Is there a way to make it smaller? maybe it makes sense to try `###### Global Access`. 

not a big deal, just looks a bit funny.

Reviewer 2: I'm actually fine to insist on the global vs local. As I believe this is very important.

What do you think?

Author: Updated headers on the whole page to ease navigation and prepare further improvements

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_write_exclusion_filters.png" alt="Grant write access on index exclusion filters to specific roles"  style="width:75%;" >}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/logs/pipelines
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][1].

[1]: /api/#roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_write_pipelines

Grants a role the ability to create and modify log processing pipelines. This includes setting matching filters for what logs should enter the processing pipeline, setting the name of the pipeline, and limiting which roles have write access on the processors within that pipeline (`logs_write_processors`).

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:
{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_write_pipeline_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][1].

> To grant write access to only two processing pipelines whose IDs are `abcd-1234` and `bcde-2345` respectively:

Reviewer: where do people find the pipeline IDs? it'd be nice if we can include that info.

Reviewer 2: That's explain in the API documentation. The goal was just to illustrate it here but not to re-do the whole API workflow.
But feel free to make a suggestion if you believe it can help.

1. Remove the global `logs_write_pipelines` permission on the role if already assigned.
2. Get the UUID of the role you want to modify.
3. Use the [Get Permission][2] API to find the `logs_write_pipelines` permission UUID for your region.
4. Grant permission to that role with the following call:

```sh
curl -X POST \

>         https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v2/roles/<ROLE_UUID>/permissions \

Reviewer: this uses the v2 api to set scopes. But in fact we've recently uncovered that scopes cannot currently be set with the v2 API, and we'd have to use the v1 API. 

Maybe we can just document here with the v1 API instead? I believe it would be like so:

```sh
curl -X POST \
        https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/role/<ROLE_UUID>/permission/<PERMISSION_UUID> \
        -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
        -H "DD-API-KEY: <YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>" \
        -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: <YOUR_DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>" \
        -d '{
                "scope": {
                    "pipelines": [
                        "abcd-1234",
                        "bcde-2345"
                    ]
                }
            }'
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for raising this, would you mind making a suggestion so we can easily add it? :)

1. Remove the global `logs_write_pipelines` permission on the role if already assigned.
2. Get the UUID of the role you want to modify.
3. Use the [Get Permission][2] API to find the `logs_write_pipelines` permission UUID for your region.
4. Grant permission to that role with the following call:

```sh
curl -X POST \

>         https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/roles/<ROLE_UUID>/permissions/<PERMISSION_UUID> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/role/<ROLE_UUID>/permission/<PERMISSION_UUID> \
```

                        "pipelines": [
                            "abcd-1234",
                            "bcde-2345"
                        ]
                    }
                }
            }'
```

[1]: /api/#roles
[2]: /api/#get-permissions
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_write_processors

Grants a role the ability to create or modify the processors within a processing pipeline.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

**Global access**:

Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `write` as below for the wanted role:

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_write_processors_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

**Subset of Pipelines**:

> 1. Remove the global permission on the role.

Reviewer: in this case it means removing the `logs_write_processors` permission, but also making sure that the `logs_write_pipelines` permission is removed, since that inherently grants global processor edit permissions. 

I think it's worth making this explicit to avoid confusion

Reviewer 2: Great points, would you mind making a suggestion?

[1]: /api/#roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_write_archives

Grants the ability to create or modify log archives.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:
{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_write_archives_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][1].

[1]: /api/#roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_public_config_api

Grants the ability to create or modify log configuration through the Datadog API.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:
{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_public_config_api_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][1].

[1]: /api/#roles
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> #### Data

Reviewer: this header is pretty deeply nested and comes after a very long section. normally `Configuration` and `Data` would be great headers under `Advanced Permissions > Log Management`, but once i got to "Data" i was like "where am i? what does this mean?"

So maybe in this case we should make it a bit more explicit? `Configuration Access` and `Data Access`?

The following permissions can be granted to manage read access on subsets of log data:

##### logs_read_index_data

Grants a role read access on some number of log indexes. Can be set either globally or limited to a subset of log indexes.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

**Global access**:

> Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `write` as below for the wanted role:

Reviewer: ~~write~~ --> read (the screenshot has it correct)

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_read_index_data_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

**Subset of Indexes**:

> 1. Remove the global permission on the role.

Reviewer: in this case, that means remove the `logs_read_index_data` permission and also remove the `logs_modify_indexes` permission.

I believe we want to make that explicit here, since it will reduce lots of pain and confusion for some users. And probably tickets too :)

Reviewer 2: Fair point.

This is true up until we release `logs_read_data` which is coming up next week.

2. This permission can be granted to a role in [the Index Configuration page of the Datadog app][2] by editing an index and adding a role to the "Grant access of this index's content to" field.

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_read_index_data.png" alt="Grant read access for indexes to specific roles"  style="width:75%;" >}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/logs/pipelines/indexes
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][1].
For example, to grant read access only on two indexes named `main` and `support` to a role, your API call looks like this:

1. Remove the global `logs_read_index_data` permission on the role if already assigned.
2. Get the UUID of the role you want to modify.
3. Use the [Get Permission][2] API to find the `logs_read_index_data` permission UUID for your region.
4. Grant permission to that role with the following call:

> ```bash

Reviewer: this too uses the v2 api (see comment above re processors permissions) which doesn't actually support scoping. 

if we want instead to document with the v1 api (which does support scoping), then i believe the API call would look like this:

```bash
curl -X POST \
        https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/role/<ROLE_UUID>/permission/<PERMISSION_UUID> \
        -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
        -H "DD-API-KEY: <YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>" \
        -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: <YOUR_DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>" \
        -d '{
                "scope": {
                    "indexes": [
                        "main",
                        "support"
                    ]
                }
            }'
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for raising this, would you mind making a suggestion so we can easily add it? :)

3. Use the [Get Permission][2] API to find the `logs_read_index_data` permission UUID for your region.
4. Grant permission to that role with the following call:

```bash
curl -X POST \

>         https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/roles/<ROLE_UUID>/permissions/<PERMISSION_UUID> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/role/<ROLE_UUID>/permission/<PERMISSION_UUID> \
```

| admin | This permission gives to the role the ability to view and edit everything in your Datadog organization that does not have an explicitly defined permission. This includes billing and usage, user, key, and organization management. This permission is inclusive of all Standard Access permissions. |
| standard    | This permission gives to the role the ability to view and edit components in your Datadog organization that do not have explicitly defined permissions. This includes APM, Events, and other non-Account Management functionality.                                                                    |

**Note**: There is no `read-Only` permission as it is defined by the lack of both the `admin` and `standard` permissions for a role.

## Advanced Permissions

By default, existing users are already associated with one of the three out-of-the-box Datadog Admin, Standard, or Read-Only Roles, so all users already have permissions to read all data types, and Admin or Standard users already have write permissions on assets.

> **Note**: When adding a new custom role to a user, make sure to remove the out-of-the-box Datadog role associated to it in order to force the use of the new role permissions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Note**: When adding a new custom role to a user, make sure to remove the out-of-the-box Datadog role associated with that user order to enforce the new role permissions.
```

In addition of the general permissions, it is possible to define more granular permissions for specific assets or data types.
Permissions can be either global or scoped to a subset of elements.

> Find below the detailed of those options and the impact of each available permission.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Find below the details of these options and the impact they have on each available permission.
```

| logs_read_index_data         | Read a subset of all log indexes                      |true                          |
| logs_modify_indexes          | Update the definition of log indexes                  |false                         |
| logs_live_tail               | Access the live tail feature                          |false                         |
| logs_write_exclusion_filters | Update a subset of the exclusion filters              |true                          |
| logs_write_pipelines         | Update a subset of the log pipelines                  |true                          |
| logs_write_processors        | Update the log processors in an index                 |true                          |
| logs_write_archives          | Update the external archives configuration            |false                         |
| logs_public_config_api       | Access the Logs Public Config API (r/w)               |false                         |
| logs_generate_metrics        | Access the Generate Metrics feature                   |false                         |

> More details about those permissions below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More details about these permissions below.
```

#### Configuration

##### logs_live_tail

Grants a role the ability to use the live tail feature.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

> Go to your [Datadog Roles Page][1] and select the checkbox `read` as below for the wanted role:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `read` as below for the wanted role:
```

**Subset of indexes**

1. Remove the global permission on the role.
2. Grant this permission to the role in [the Processing Pipelines page of the Datadog app][3] by editing an index and adding a role to the "Grant editing Exclusion Filters of this index to" field (screenshot below).

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_write_exclusion_filters.png" alt="Grant write access on index exclusion filters to specific roles"  style="width:75%;" >}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/logs/pipelines

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][4]. 

[4]: /api/#roles

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_write_pipelines

Grants a role the ability to create and modify log processing pipelines. This includes setting matching filters for what logs should enter the processing pipeline, setting the name of the pipeline, and limiting which roles have write access on the processors within that pipeline (`logs_write_processors`).

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

> Go to your [Datadog Roles Page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:
```

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_write_pipeline_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][4].

To grant write access to only two processing pipelines whose IDs are `abcd-1234` and `bcde-2345` respectively:

1. Remove the global `logs_write_pipelines` permission on the role if already assigned.

> 2. Get the UUID of the role you want to modify

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Get the UUID of the role you want to modify.
```

> 3. Use the [Get Permission][1] API to find the `logs_write_pipelines` permission UUID for your region

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Use the [Get Permission][1] API to find the `logs_write_pipelines` permission UUID for your region.
```

4. Grant permission to that role with the following call:

```sh
curl -X POST \
        https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v2/roles/<ROLE_UUID>/permissions \
        -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
        -H "DD-API-KEY: <YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>" \
        -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: <YOUR_DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>" \
        -d '{
                "data": {
                    "type": "permissions",
                    "id": <PERMISSION_UUID>,
                    "scope": {
                        "pipelines": [
                            "abcd-1234",
                            "bcde-2345"
                        ]
                    }
                }
            }'
```

[1]: /api/#get-permissions
[4]: /api/#roles

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_write_processors

Grants a role the ability to create or modify the processors within a processing pipeline. 

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

**Global access**

> Go to your [Datadog Roles Page][1] and select the checkbox `write` as below for the wanted role:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `write` as below for the wanted role:
```

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_write_processors_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

**Subset of Pipelines**

1. Remove the global permission on the role.
2. This permission can be granted to a role in [the Processing Pipelines page of the Datadog app][3] by editing a processing pipeline and adding a role to the "Grant editing Processors of this index to" field (screenshot below).

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_write_processors.png" alt="Grant write access for processors to specific roles"  style="width:75%;" >}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/logs/pipelines

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][4]. 

[4]: /api/#roles

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_write_archives

Grants the ability to create or modify log archives.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

> Go to your [Datadog Roles Page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:
```

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_write_archives_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][4]. 

[4]: /api/#roles

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### logs_public_config_api

Grants the ability to create or modify log configuration through the Datadog API.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

> Go to your [Datadog Roles Page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `other` as below for the wanted role:
```

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_public_config_api_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][4]. 

[4]: /api/#roles

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Data

The following permissions can be granted to manage read access on subsets of log data:

##### logs_read_index_data

> Grants a role read access on some number of log indexes. Can be set either globally or limited to a subset of log indexes 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Grants a role read access on some number of log indexes. Can be set either globally or limited to a subset of log indexes.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog application" %}}

**Global access**

> Go to your [Datadog Roles Page][1] and select the checkbox `write` as below for the wanted role:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Go to your [Datadog Roles page][1] and select the checkbox `write` as below for the wanted role:
```

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_read_index_data_access.png" alt="Create a custom Role"  style="width:90%;">}}

**Subset of Indexes**

1. Remove the global permission on the role.
2. This permission can be granted to a role in [the Index Configuration page of the Datadog app][3] by editing an index and adding a role to the "Grant access of this index's content to" field.

{{< img src="account_management/rbac/logs_read_index_data.png" alt="Grant read access for indexes to specific roles"  style="width:75%;" >}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/access/roles
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/logs/pipelines/indexes

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

This permission can be granted or revoked from a role via [the Roles API][4]. 
For example, to grant read access only on two indexes named `main` and `support` to a role, your API call looks like this:

1. Remove the global `logs_read_index_data` permission on the role if already assigned.

> 2. Get the UUID of the role you want to modify

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Get the UUID of the role you want to modify.
```

> 3. Use the [Get Permission][1] API to find the `logs_read_index_data` permission UUID for your region

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Use the [Get Permission][1] API to find the `logs_read_index_data` permission UUID for your region.
```
